today in case you weren't aware and I
was not aware as national girlfriend's
day this is a day on which women are
encouraged to get together and celebrate
friendship and here's the thing about
girlfriends you're either the Oprah or
the Gayle alright and if you're confused
about which one you are
you're Gayle okay it also happens to be
national spider-man day national
mountain-climbing day and raspberry
cream pie day which is too much
there's too many days and there's too
much of this too there's an a petition
right now to make the last Saturday of
October national trick-or-treat day this
is a real thing they want 150,000
signatures and they're close they have
130,000 signatures the people behind it
they had a petition to move Halloween to
the last Saturday of October they got
more than a hundred thousand signatures
with that but some people didn't like it
so they decided to keep Halloween where
it is and add another holiday this is
the Halloween equivalent of the woman in
your office who celebrates her birthday
all month so you can find this petition
on the website change.org and here's my
problem with change.org there's some
good petitions on the site a lot of
causes worth supporting but they're
lumped in with a huge amount of nonsense
you have legitimate petitions like we
want to see Trump's tax returns
alongside petitions like make a blue
skittle you can make a blue skittle
people will confuse it with viagra you
get kicked out of Chuckie Cheese but
here's another one president Trump don't
cut the Special Olympics remember when
that maniac was going to cut funding for
the Special Olympics he backed off but
that was on the same side as make Shrek
the national bird which by the way
almost 75,000 people sign and there's
one other one I want to mention stop the
insulin price hikes which is important
for diabetics almost as important as
help me convince my mom to buy me a hat
time
well how about first you prove you can
be a responsible pet owner Trevor I want
to put a stop to these meaningless
petitions so I'm starting a new petition
on change.org it's called stop using the
site to spread dumb petition
[Applause]
ever started dumb position again if you
liked that video click subscribe and
we'll be together until one of us dies